add a changelog and update the document for ORC (#20415)
nim-lang/Nim: doc/mm.md

ARC/ORC
-------

ORC is the default memory management strategy. It is a memory
management mode primarily based on reference counting. Reference cycles are
handled by a cycle collection mechanism based on "trial deletion".

> Since algorithms based on "tracing" are not used, a program's stack size will
> not impact memory management performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since algorithms based on "tracing" are not used, the runtime behavior is oblivious to the involved heap and stack sizes.
```

ARC/ORC
-------

> ORC is the default memory management strategy. `--mm:orc` is a memory management mode primarily based on reference counting. Cycles in the object graph are handled by a "cycle collector" which is based on "trial deletion". Since algorithms based on "tracing" are not used, the runtime behavior is oblivious to the involved heap sizes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ORC is the default memory management strategy. It is a memory
management mode primarily based on reference counting. Reference cycles are
handled by a cycle collection mechanism based on "trial deletion".
Since algorithms based on "tracing" are not used, a program's stack size will
not impact memory management performance.
```

Author: It is a documentation for memory management. I think `now` is not needed here.
